Why are you here?
Didn't you say you were going to fight?
Ouch, Brother Su, don't look at it.
Let's go in, let's go
The old doctor Zhang Ji of Jinling posted incomplete ancient prescriptions
Offer a reward 300,000 ask the master to complete it
This is the key to gaining Zhang Ji's trust
Zhang Xi'er was not conquered at the banquet
Start with his grandfather
I gradually made Zhang Xi'er fall in love with me
Absolutely no problem.
What are you doing?
Complete ancient prescriptions
Someone has already completed it for our master.
Stop bragging
This ancient prescription is a lost medicine for golden sores
People who know are extremely rare
Who is boasting?
Na is out
Prince Jinling personally gave the equity
The stock is right
When did my brother understand this?
Even less likely
A prince's son
What ability does he have to make up for the bone prescription?
Shut up
Who do you think you are?
Feed freely
Su Yize, the hand of the prodigal son of Jinling
I only know how to walk birds and tease dogs
Play woman as simp
You were lucky last time.
Ancient medicine for golden sores is rare
He can't do it.
What if I did complete it?
Then I'll kneel down for you right away
Call you grandpa
Last time you kowtowed and apologized
Learning to bark has not been fulfilled yet
Well, if you lose
I want that jade pendant on your chest